builtin docs (#122)
kadena-io/pact-5: docs/builtins/Keysets/enforce-keyset.md

## enforce-keyset

> Use `enforce-keyset` to execute a specified `GUARD` or a defined keyset named `KEYSETNAME` to enforce the desired predicate logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `enforce-keyset` to execute a specified `GUARD` or a defined keyset named `KEYSETNAME` to enforce the corresponding predicate.
```

### Basic syntax

> To execute a `GUARD` or a defined keyset to enforce desired predicate logic, use the following syntax:

Reviewer: As a newcomer to the language, I might not understand what "execute a keyset" means. How do you reckon
```suggestion
To enforce a `GUARD`'s predicate or a defined keyset, use the following syntax:
```
(it's also shorter!)

`(enforce-keyset GUARD)`
`(enforce-keyset KEYSETNAME)`

### Arguments

Use the following arguments to specify the `GUARD` or `KEYSETNAME` for the `enforce-keyset` Pact function:

| Argument   | Type   | Description                                        |
|------------|--------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `GUARD`    | `guard`  | Specifies the guard to execute.                    |
| `KEYSETNAME` | `string` | Specifies the name of the defined keyset to enforce.|

### Return values

> The `enforce-keyset` function returns a boolean value indicating whether the guard or keyset enforced the desired predicate logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `enforce-keyset` function returns a boolean value indicating whether the guard or keyset was enforced successfully.
```

Reviewer: Also, looking at the implementation, at least some code paths seem to give a `VError` instead of returning a `False` as either the original or my suggested sentence my imply. Do we want to mention this somehow?
